Privacy Policy

Mentiply app is built as a Commercial app by Han Win Aung, Khant Win, San Sint Kyaw & Wai Yan Lin Htet. This SERVICE is provided by Mentiply Team and intended for use as is.

This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service.

If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The personal information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.

The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible to Mentiply unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.

Information Collection and Use

For a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that we request will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy.

The app does USE third party services that may collect information used to identify you.

Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app.

-Facebook
-Google

We want to inform you that whenever you use our SERVICE, in a case of an error in the app we collect data and information (through third party products) on your device called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device internet protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, and other statistics.

Payment

For the app, it will use third party entities to make a payment. Our service will be charged through those entities at confirmation of purchase.

Pricing

Pay as you go plan is provided for the user convenience.

Links to Other Sites

Our Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Thus, you are advised to review the Privacy Policy of those websites. We have no control over and no responsibility for the content.

Security

We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But note that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

Content and Behaviors Rules

You are not allowed to use the Mentiply Service as unlawful activities. It is your own responsibility to be in compliance with the national laws and regulations.

If we notice any means that the course you are taking violates the law or the rights of others or for any violation of inappropriate use of our courses and brand, or if we notice any fraudulent or illegal activities than we may remove you from our platform.

If any of our instructors plagiarize anyone’s work or your work, then please let us know. We require intellectual property rights of others under our MENTOR AGREEMENT.

Using Mentiply at Your Own Risk

Mentiply shares the profiles of mentors and students publicly, so any information you put in your profile session is you own risk. You have the full responsibility for any courses you take to interact.

For your information, all the mentors are not hired by Mentor Minus, thus; apart from the certain mentors under us, we will not take any responsibility for any causes happen between students and instructors.

Mentiply’ Rights

Anything such as comment, feedback, reviews posted through all the Mentiply platforms and services from anyone will be entirely voluntary and they are the property of Mentiply.

Mentiply platforms are protected by copyright, trademark, and other laws of Myanmar. You have no right whatsoever to use the brand name, brand features, logo, domain, and trademarks of Mentiply.

The following actions should not be done while using Mentiply platform and services:

You should not use any automated means including using robots to access our Services.

You should not even try to get other user’s access, spam, send viruses or anything that might create a burden on our Services.

You should not even try to copy, modify and create the source code of Mentiply.

You should not be wearing any inappropriate outfits during mentoring session.

You should not be behaving any inappropriate manners during mentoring session.

You should not be using inappropriate word intentionally during mentoring session.

Disclaimers

No responsibility will be taken by us for causes that we cannot take control of such as wars, natural disaster, electricity, internet, telecommunication, or government laws.

Governing Law and Jurisdiction

These Terms we have agreed are governed by the laws of Myanmar, and if anything happens, it should be stated in the court of Yangon, Myanmar under the laws of Myanmar.

Non-Transferable

You have no right to transfer these Terms. You agree that your account is not transferable and should be terminated upon your death.

Changes to Our Policy

We may review and update our policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by adding the new Policy on this page. The changes will be effective immediately after they are posted on this page. Continue using our Services means that you have read and understood the latest version of our Policy. Thus, you are advised to review this page for any changes from time to time.

Contact Us

Our support team is always being there to assist you with any help you needed. Please let us know, if there is inconvenience or question or feedback regarding with our platform or service.

Thank You.

Email: mentiply202x@gmail.com
Mentiply Team
